Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#22)
Projekte-DHBW/eventure: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## 5. Weapons Policy

No weapons will be allowed at Eventure events, community spaces, or in other spaces covered by the scope of this Code of Conduct. Weapons include but are not limited to guns, explosives (including fireworks), and large knives such as those used for hunting or display, as well as any other item used for the purpose of causing injury or harm to others. Anyone seen in possession of one of these items will be asked to leave immediately, and will only be allowed to return without the weapon. Community members are further expected to comply with all state and local laws on this matter.

## 6. Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors and those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the community organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community without warning (and without refund in the case of a paid event).

## 7. Reporting Guidelines

> If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other concerns, please notify a community organizer as soon as possible. dominik@rivo.gg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other concerns, please notify a community organizer as soon as possible. shibe@messengerflow.com.
```
